So let's just create our utils class.
So for that purpose I'm going to go down to my source directory and I'm going to create a new python
file and I'm just going to name it as you Tilse.
All right.
So within this utils class let's first declare our class and let's just say you're Tilse.
All right within this class I'm going to have a couple of static methods.
So of course the first method is going to be let's just go back and copy our method make zip file bytes.
All right.
So let's just define our method of course and provide the path argument to it.
So with this method I'm going to provide the zip file path and I'm going to create the zip file with
the source directory to diapason.
So for creating our zip file I first have to create a package for the cpp files to be put in.
So for this purpose to get the actual bytes of this zip file zip package I have to first create the
zip file itself.
So for creating the zip file itself I'm going to have another method calling this method.
So I'll create another static method and I'm going to say files to zip.
So basically as you can get from the name of this method I'm going to pass in the path of the files
to be put into my zip package and I'm just going to basically return the files to be passed into AWOS.
So within this method I'm going to walk the path of the files so I can get all the files individually
and I can put those file into my zip archive.
So let's just start walking our directory so for root directories.
And of course the files on the directories.
I'm going to have to make use of oil gas and oil walk method so I can't walk between the files in my
operating system.
So let's just go and import os and let's just go back to our for loop and let's just say all us that
walk and pass in the path that we have and for f and file so I'm basically walking each file I'm passing
in by each file.
Let's get the full path to the file.
And let's just say OS the path dot join so I can get the full path not just the abstract path for that
file.
I'm going to provide the root directory and the file name itself so I can basically join them and I'm
going to create an arcane name for my archive naming purposes and I'm going to use the full path.
And of course the length of the path as an indicator to that archive name.
And also I'm going to concatenate the always dot separators and also I'm going to indicate the end of
that full path.
And sorry about that.
I just passed in the wrong indicator here.
So this is going to be basically an array and I'm just passing in the length of the path and concatenating
that with the separators for the path.
So I'm getting a very qualified very unique archive name.
All right.
And I'm just going to yield a result from that archive.
And basically I'm just going to pass that back in to the caller method which is going to be our make
zip file buys method.
So let's just pass in the full path and the Archive name so we can make use of those.
All right.
So this is the function that we're going to use to put our resource file with our source files to a
zip package.
All right.
So let's just go up here now and let's just implement our bytes method so we can read the Z package
that we created with our files the zip method and we can get the bytes we can read the bytes of that
meant.
So we can pass that into a W-S.
So I'm just going to have a buffer for my bytes and then I'm just going to make use of input and output
library of Python.
So this is important right now and I'll say the input and output and bytes you know.
So I'm just going to get a reference to it.
So I'm going to use the zip file and I'm going to read that zip file.
So let's just say zip file.
And of course to read his zip file with Python.
I'm going to have to import it.
So let's just go down here and from ZIP file import zip file.
All right so now let's go back to our zip file and let's just read our buffer with the right permissions
as Zehr.
All right.
And for our full path and the Archive name we just want to read the files to zip method argument passing
back to us and we're going to have to write all the bytes to our buffer.
That's basically the idea.
That's basically the point we're writing this method.
So let's just say for full path.
And also our code name kind of name passed back to us from of course our Eutelsat files to zip method.
And of course the path would be the path itself.
So now we're going to have to write everything to our buffer.
So let's just say Zepps that greit full path and also the archive name.
So eventually we're going to have to return our buffer.
And of course the value of our buffer not just the object itself.
We're gonna need to rally of our buffer.
All right.
So this is basically our implementation for creating bytes of the zip file for AWOS to understand.